# YOUR PRODUCT/TEAM NAME
> _Note:_ This document will evolve throughout your project. You commit regularly to this file while working on the project (especially edits/additions/deletions to the _Highlights_ section). 
 > **This document will serve as a master plan between your team, your partner and your TA.**

## Product Details
 
#### Q1: What is the product?

Our product is a LLM (large language model) based AI research assistant on the web. 

We want to shorten the process of looking up research papers, understanding those papers, and taking notes from those papers, as this is a very time-consuming task for many students and researchers. 

Our partner is Knowlency, a company whose goal is to develop “a comprehensive and adaptable solution to revolutionize how researchers work”.

We are building a website which provides the following functionality:

1. ChatGPT style chatbot
 * Generates summaries with varying fidelities to one or more research papers, according to user preference and knowledge base
 * Answers user-inputted questions, with: 
   * Embedded pictures, mathematical equations and charts
   * Accurate references to scholarly literature
   * Paper specific sources to the facts that appear in the response
   * Source (markup) format mathematical equations and algorithm blocks for easy copy and pasting
 * A Search engine for scholarly literature in all fields
   * Answer questions based on evidence extracted from the literature
   * Provide sources from the input statement (either agree or disagree)
   * Provide logical relations between evidence (evidence A supports evidence B, evidence A disagrees with evidence B)

2. Note-taking feature (knowledge base)
 * User can put generated notes/summaries into their knowledge base
 * User can edit these notes
 * Responses generated by the chatbot will be aware of the notes, meaning they will not be overly verbose on concepts the user is already familiar with

3. Notification system
 * Recommend and notify users when a new article of interest has been published
 * Automatically summarizes the new publication and adds it to “Read Later” in the user's knowledge base
 * Automatically generate comparisons in methodology and conclusions to the state-of-the-art approaches or users’ research when new publications have been released



#### Q2: Who are your target users?

  > Short (1 - 2 min' read max)
 * Be specific (e.g. a 'a third-year university student studying Computer Science' and not 'a student')
 * **Feel free to use personas. You can create your personas as part of this Markdown file, or add a link to an external site (for example, [Xtensio](https://xtensio.com/user-persona/)).**

 * Students: College undergraduate or graduate students, secondary school students who need to review an academic article or require literary sources for a course project.
 * Researchers: Academics, scientists and researchers who wish to stay abreast of the latest literature in their field.
 * Librarians: Who wants to sort papers stored in the library according to the field/topic.
 * Academic Writers: Individuals who write academic papers, or essays, or need to cite multiple articles can use the application to quickly gather insights.
 * Start-ups and small businesses: Companies that need access to academic literature for market research, product development, or innovation.
 * Developers: Software engineers, programmers, and developers who need the latest technologies in their work. This product helps them quickly access summaries of articles of interest and helps them apply these to their work.
 * Other people who wish to make use of academic articles.


#### Q3: Why would your users choose your product? What are they using today to solve their problem/need?

Our product is designed to save time in the research process by hours, shortening the time needed to search for papers and discern the information into a simple query. Our product will also allow users to keep up to date on new developments within their knowledge base/discipline. Compared to our competitors, we will 

Competitors’ problem: 
No or low image processing abilities, especially if graphs are involved with method/data presentation.
No method and statistics check. 
No holistic package that combines knowledge history/background, literature reference connections, and paper summary.


#### Q4: What are the user stories that make up the Minumum Viable Product (MVP)?

 * At least 5 user stories concerning the main features of the application - note that this can broken down further
 * You must follow proper user story format (as taught in lecture) ```As a <user of the app>, I want to <do something in the app> in order to <accomplish some goal>```
 * User stories must contain acceptance criteria. Examples of user stories with different formats can be found here: https://www.justinmind.com/blog/user-story-examples/. **It is important that you provide a link to an artifact containing your user stories**.
 * If you have a partner, these must be reviewed and accepted by them. You need to include the evidence of partner approval (e.g., screenshot from email) or at least communication to the partner (e.g., email you sent)

 1. As a historian, I want to search for a paper and its LaTeX citation using the main ideas from the paper, so that I can provide a proper citation for a fact I use in my research, even if I momentarily forget its source or origin.
 2. As a renowned climate scientist, I want to receive notifications for the latest research papers or articles related to my work, so that I can compare and stay updated with the most recent findings in the field.
 3. As a software developer, I want to identify emerging and potentially profitable fields that align with my skills and interests, and can be implemented easily, so that I can explore new opportunities and make informed decisions about my career and projects.
 4. As a PHD student soon to start on my first paper, I want to gather the necessary information for a literature review, by providing the field of my interest, my preferred publication time range and impact score etc., so that I can easily write the review and be prepared for my research.
 5. As an undergraduate student, I want to generate summaries of assigned articles and compile knowledge balls in my notebooks, so that I could comprehend the academic field better and facilitate completing my homework assignments.
 6. As a journalist working in a scientific magazine, I want to create summaries of PDF documents containing rough ideas, so that I can enhance the accuracy of my articles and provide more precise and insightful content to our readers. 


#### Q5: Have you decided on how you will build it? Share what you know now or tell us the options you are considering.
Technology Stack:
 - Front End - React & Redux (Javascript)
 - Back End - Django (Python)
 - DB - Redis, PostgresDB
 - LLM - ChatGPT4, LLama2
 - Deployment Tool - Docker

Deployment:
 * Run the system on the local machine:
    * Follow the instructions given in the development requirements section in readme.md

 * Deploy on cloud platform (final product)
    * Our partner will use docker to containerize each microservice, which will then be deployed to cloud platforms such as Azure/AWS

Architecture:
 * Main components:
    1. Crawler: Searches for scholarly literature from online sources and stores it and its metadata in a compatible format (Markdown) in the databases.
    2. Primary Database: Contains the scraped data from the crawler for each article
    3. In-Memory Database: Contains vectorized data for faster querying/accessing
    4. ML Recommender: Leverages the embedding matrix and the LLM to produce a combined response based on the user request
    5. LLM: Used to generate responses based on user requests
    6. Embedding Algorithm: Transforms the vectorized input to find the related articles from the database
  
Images go here

----
## Intellectual Property Confidentiality Agreement 
> Note this section is **not marked** but must be completed briefly if you have a partner. If you have any questions, please ask on Piazza.
>  
**By default, you own any work that you do as part of your coursework.** However, some partners may want you to keep the project confidential after the course is complete. As part of your first deliverable, you should discuss and agree upon an option with your partner. Examples include:
1. You can share the software and the code freely with anyone with or without a license, regardless of domain, for any use.
2. You can upload the code to GitHub or other similar publicly available domains.
3. You will only share the code under an open-source license with the partner but agree to not distribute it in any way to any other entity or individual. 
4. You will share the code under an open-source license and distribute it as you wish but only the partner can access the system deployed during the course.
5. You will only reference the work you did in your resume, interviews, etc. You agree to not share the code or software in any capacity with anyone unless your partner has agreed to it.

**Your partner cannot ask you to sign any legal agreements or documents pertaining to non-disclosure, confidentiality, IP ownership, etc.**

Briefly describe which option you have agreed to.
----
We have agreed to go with option 3.

## Teamwork Details

#### Q6: Have you met with your team?

Fun facts:
-  Kevin did not attend any lectures in the winter semester of the first year, but he got A in all subjects.
-  Joe completed a half-marathon just after making a recovery from covid.
-  Tim wants to retire in Switzerland.

#### Q7: What are the roles & responsibilities on the team?

Describe the different roles on the team and the responsibilities associated with each role. 
 * Roles should reflect the structure of your team and be appropriate for your project. One person may have multiple roles.  
 * Add role(s) to your Team-[Team_Number]-[Team_Name].csv file on the main folder.
 * At least one person must be identified as the dedicated partner liaison. They need to have great organization and communication skills.
 * Everyone must contribute to code. Students who don't contribute to code enough will receive a lower mark at the end of the term.

Tech roles: 
 * Frontend Developer: UI/UX design, webpage html and css design, web application. Receive and process data from user input and use appropriate backend APIs.
 * Backend Developer: Integrate frontend components with server-side logic, 
 * Database Developer: Design and maintain the primary database and in-memory database, write API to query the data. Design the system's architecture. Implement security measures to safeguard sensitive data. Work closely with all other  members to ensure that the final product aligns with the desired functionality and requirements. Design and implement APIs (often RESTful APIs) that frontend applications can consume.
 * Crawler Developer: Crawl through data from online sources, process the data into acceptable formats and store it into the database
 * ML/prompt Engineer: Embedding (convert discrete categorical variables into continuous vectors), Prompt Engineering, and combining the output from the LLM model with knowledge stored in our database

List each team member and:
 * A description of their role(s) and responsibilities including the components they'll work on and non-software related work

Team Responsibilities
Project Manager: Jiayi Cheng(Lisa) is responsible for organizing both online and in-person regular meetings since she has great organizational skills and has had similar experiences in previous group projects.

Client Relationship Manager: Jimmy Hao will be responsible for getting in touch with our partners. He can communicate with the partner efficiently, and communicate the partner’s ideas to other team members clearly and completely.

Principal Architect: Kevin Liu is responsible for designing the system, micro-services, and APIs used for data delivery between services.  Also, he makes sure that the code base fits the architecture.

Document Summarizer: Jiatan Yuan is responsible for collecting useful material of frontend designing and backend learning, which help team members have a better overall understanding. 

Tech Lead: Zhuo Zhang is responsible for crafting precise prompts that enable the AI to summarize articles. He is responsible for handling technical details in the use of pytorch.

Database Architect: Tony Shi is responsible for making the two databases(primary and in-memory) that will be used, and the API needed to access and manage their data.

Design Lead: Tim Lan is responsible for developing the crawler to scrape articles and convert them into a compatible format. Tim will also assist in the construction of the databases, and help to merge the different features.


 * Why did you choose them to take that role? Specify if they are interested in learning that part, experienced in it, or any other reasons. Do no make things up. This part is not graded but may be reviewed later.

 1. Tony Shi has taken CSC343 before, so the database role is a natural fit.
 2. Jiayi Cheng(Lisa) and Jiatan Yuan(Jessica) prefer taking the role of frontend since they want to learn more about frontend knowledge. 
 3. Kevin Liu has experience in using OpenAI’s API,  making him suitable as a prompt engineer
 4. Joey Zhang is interested in machine learning and is also taking CSC311
 5. Tim Lan is interested in learning about data crawling and has experience with databases from past projects and internships.
 6. Jimmy Hao took CSC311 before and had an internship doing Data Analysis, so he wants more experience with the application of machine learning in industry.



#### Q8: How will you work as a team?

Describe meetings (and other events) you are planning to have. 
 * When and where? Recurring or ad hoc? In-person or online?

 We plan to meet once a week in person on Thursday from 16:00 to 19:00 at BA with our partner. If there are any problems during coding, we will occasionally use Zoom to discuss.
 * What's the purpose of each meeting?
   
 To discuss and update each other on our current progress, any problems that we might have encountered, and what to do next for the following week. We will also use the meeting as an opportunity to help each other with specific tasks.
 * Other events could be coding sessions, code reviews, quick weekly sync meeting online, etc.
   
 People who work on the same tasks would have weekly sync meetings online to discuss the process or challenges. We will also post any useful materials to Google Drive.
 * You should have 2 meetings with your project partner (if you have one) before D1 is due. Describe them here:
   
 We had our first online meeting with our partner on Sep 23 from 11:30 to 12:30, using Microsoft Teams. From that meeting we got to know the business overview, objectives and timeline. Our second meeting was on Sep 27 at BA5287 from 16:00 to 18:00, to discuss the assignment for different tasks in the project. The third meeting with the partner was on Sep 28 from 16:00 to 20:00 at BA5287 to complete the D1 questions and discuss the open sources that we might use in the project.
   * You must keep track of meeting minutes and add them to your repo under "deliverables/minutes" folder
   * You must have a regular meeting schedule established for the rest of the term.
     
Our regular meeting schedule would be on every Thursday from 16:00 to 20:00 at BA5287. We also have an online meeting every Saturday with our partner at 12:00.

  
#### Q9: How will you organize your team?

List/describe the artifacts you will produce in order to organize your team.       

We decided to use To-Do lists in Github Project,  Github issues, and a fixed meeting schedule for team organization. 

Our main communication tool is a WeChat group to chat with our partners and teammates. Google Drive is used to store resources used for this project. 

We will use the issue tracking system on GitHub. We would raise issues on GitHub based on the tasks we have at hand, and assign members to the task based on our preferences in backend/frontend/DB/etc. The tasks can be features or sub-features, debugging or testing, etc. An open issue means the task is work in progress, and closed issues represent completed tasks. Using GitHub would allow our TA to see our contributions.

We will consider two aspects to determine the priority of tasks. The first one is the deadline; the sooner the deadline, the earlier we will complete the task. Secondly, we decide based on logic, completing things in logical order, from simple to complex.

We will distribute all tasks as evenly as possible based on the number of tasks, individuals’ areas of expertise, and individual abilities. If unexpected situations arise during completion, we will also actively communicate (through Wechat) to adjust task allocations as quickly as possible.

We determine the status of work from inception to completion by defining clear milestones and expected outcomes for each stage to monitor the project’s progression. In addition, regular meetings(both online and in-person) aim to ensure everyone’s completion of each part in each stage and to resolve any issues among members. Last but not least, necessary adjustments will be made in a timely fashion, based on the feedback and the actual progress of the project.


#### Q10: What are the rules regarding how your team works?

**Communications:**
 * What is the expected frequency? What methods/channels will be used?

  We plan to meet once a week. It is either an in-person meeting at Bahen or an online meeting through the Microsoft team when some of us cannot attend the in-person meeting.

 * If you have a partner project, what is your process for communicating with your partner?

  We have a group chat that our partners have access to, so we can easily message them at any time.
  
**Collaboration: (Share your responses to Q8 & Q9 from A1)**
 * How are people held accountable for attending meetings, completing action items? Is there a moderator or process?
   
We have a to-do list for each feature and each member will be assigned specific tasks, with around one to two members per feature. Also, the project organizer who proposed the project will have regular meetings with us every week. We will discuss the progress of each item on the to-do list and be monitored under his supervision.

 * How will you address the issue if one person doesn't contribute or is not responsive?

We will first have a private discussion with the person who isn't making contributions, to ascertain and address any personal issues that may be affecting their ability to contribute. If that fails, then we will discuss it with the team to take some further action such as re-distributing the workload or reporting it to the course administration.
